## Installation

Compiling and Building of AstoriaCore is quite easy and the same as every other Source too. With the difference we are using older Tools here. Follow the next very easy Steps to Compile and Build AstoriaCore for your Project. You can also follow TrinityCore's normal Compiling/Building Wiki.

## 1. Cloning the Repository

Clone Our Repository using GIT Extension from here:

 ```sh
  git clone https://github.com/AstoriaCore/AstoriaCore.git
  ```

## 2. Generating your Source in CMake 3.18.6 or earlier

* Create a Second Folder called "Build" next to your AstoriaCore Source Folder.
* Startup CMake and choose the Destination of your Source Folder and Build Folder.
* Click on "Configure" -> Visual Studio 2015 (Compiler) -> x64 (or x32 if you run a 32bit System) -> Done
* Wait for CMake Configuring the Source for you. If you finished that Click on "Generate" and wait for it to finish too.
* Now click on "Open Project" -> Choose Visual Studio 2015 Community -> Open it.

## 3. Cleaning, Building & Setting up your Source in VS2015

* Go over to the Tab "Build" in Visual Studio -> Click Configuration Manager -> Change "Debug" to "RelWithDebInfo" -> Close it (Saves automatically)
* Right Click "ALL_BUILD" on the Right side in the Solution Explorer -> Click "Clean" -> Wait for it to be finished.
* Richt Click "ALL_BUILD" again, this time click on "Build" -> Wait for it to finish again (This can take some time based on your PC Specs)

`Info: You can Ignore all Warnings while Building your Source in Visual Studio, these will not effect your Server. However Error's need to be fixed. But if you setted up everything as described there should be no Error.`

## 4. Additional Configuration

`Visit the TrinityCore Documentation to learn how to Setup your Server Folder`

## Disclaimer

We want to provide you with maximum security, yet we did not write the base of the code ourselves but used it from other OpenSource projects like AzerothCore 
and TrinityCore. Therefore we do not guarantee security, correctness, usability of the code and all related programs, tools or Software you use. Also we do not 
guarantee direct support for our code. All code written by us you use on your own responsibility. We also reserve the right to exclude people from the community 
at any time who do not follow our guidelines or misuse code.

## Credits

* [AzerothCore Team](https://www.azerothcore.org/)
* [TrinityCore Team](https://www.trinitycore.org/)
* [AstoriaCore Team](https://discord.gg/wvDYdqX)